*: update TiDB parameters, delete command option file (#1635)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/configuration.md

---
title: Configuration Options
summary: Learn the configuration options in TiDB.
category: reference
aliases: ['/docs/dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/server-command-option/']
---

# Configuration Options

When you start the TiDB cluster, you can use command-line options or environment variables to configure it. This document introduces TiDB's command options. The default TiDB ports are `4000` for client requests and `10080` for status report.

## `--advertise-address`

> - The IP address through which to log into the TiDB server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The IP address through which the TiDB server is logged into
```

Author: Ha...Different perspective

Reviewer: through which 后面应该接定语从句？to do sth. 是短语，并不是个句子...

- The status report port for TiDB server
- Default: "10080"
- This port is used to get server internal data. The data includes [Prometheus metrics](https://prometheus.io/) and [pprof](https://golang.org/pkg/net/http/pprof/).

> - Prometheus metrics can be accessed by `"http://host:status_port/metrics"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prometheus metrics can be accessed by <http://host:status_port/metrics>.
```

Author: @yikeke It's written as **"http://host:status_port/metrics"** in the config file. So let's keep the quotation marks.

Reviewer: Okay.

> - pprof data can be accessed by `"http://host:status_port/debug/pprof"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- pprof data can be accessed by <http://host:status_port/debug/pprof>.
```
